Objectives

In this stage, your client-side program should:
1. Prompt the user to enter an action.
2. For the GET and DELETE action, ask the user if they want to GET or DELETE the file BY_ID or BY_NAME (not required for PUT).
3. Prompt the user to enter the content of the file (when applicable).
4. Send the request to the server and receive a response from the server.
5. Print the respective message after receiving the response and ask the user where they would like to save the received file (when applicable).
5. Disconnect from the server and terminate.


The server-side program should:
1. Print the Server started! message when the program starts.
2. Receive a request from the client and respond accordingly.
3. Send a response depending on the type of request:
    - For a PUT request, send a status code 200 and a unique INTEGER IDENTIFIER separated by a single space if the file is created successfully; otherwise, send a status code 403.
    - For a GET request, send a 200 status code and the FILE_CONTENT separated by a single space if the file exists; otherwise, send a 404 status code.
    - For a DELETE request, send a 200 status code if the file is deleted successfully; otherwise, send a 404 status code.
4. The server program should not terminate until it receives the exit command.


Examples
The greater-than symbol followed by a space (> ) represents the user input.
Note that it's not part of the input.

Example 1

Enter action (1 - get a file, 2 - save a file, 3 - delete a file): > 2
Enter name of the file: > my_cat.jpg
Enter name of the file to be saved on server: >
The request was sent.
Response says that file is saved! ID = 23


Example 2

Enter action (1 - get a file, 2 - save a file, 3 - delete a file): > 1
Do you want to get the file by name or by id (1 - name, 2 - id): > 2
Enter id: > 23
The request was sent.
The file was downloaded! Specify a name for it: > cat.jpg
File saved on the hard drive!


Example 3

Enter action (1 - get a file, 2 - save a file, 3 - delete a file): > 3
Do you want to delete the file by name or by id (1 - name, 2 - id): > 2
Enter id: > 23
The request was sent.
The response says that this file was deleted successfully!


Example 4

Enter action (1 - get a file, 2 - save a file, 3 - delete a file): > 3
Do you want to delete the file by name or by id (1 - name, 2 - id): > 2
Enter id: > 23
The request was sent.
The response says that this file is not found!


Example 5

Enter action (1 - get a file, 2 - save a file, 3 - delete a file): > exit
The request was sent.